Allow configuring CORS on APIRule (#760)
kyma-project/api-gateway: docs/release-notes/2.1.0.md

## New features

> - Allow configuring CORS with the use of APIRule - https://github.com/kyma-project/api-gateway/pull/760

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can now configure CORS with the use of APIRule. For more information, see the (PR)[https://github.com/kyma-project/api-gateway/pull/760].
```
